(NARRATOR) In his memory, she
lives on. Her humanity, her
resilience...
Michelle, too, looks inward ,
recalling her mentor and source
of strength.
To them, it was a reason to
fight. To them it was a reason
to live.
But just as the battle appears
to have closed...
It's in your hands now Alex.
[throwing grunt]
[gasp]
I'm gonna haunt your dreams.
Huh?!
It... didn't work?
I was so sure I was gonna pitch
a strike...
but all of a sudden
the "batter" changed his
swing...
Now why didn't they fire a
second missle?
(YAEKO) Maybe the plan worked,
after all?
We know we succeeded in making
them waste one of their
missles...
but we failed to
create a smoke signal to
get help.
So I guess it was a partial
victory. Ah!
[gasp]
[painful groans]
Alex!
Akari and Michelle have been
located. Retrieving.
[unsteady gasp]
[pained breaths]
(BAO) It's been a while... XO
Davis.
My name's Bao Zhilan, I'm with
Squad 4, Rank 50.
After today's events, I'm afraid
I'm obliged to take you and
Hizamaru prisoner.
(MICHELLE) That's an airbike.
Was he tailing us?
(BAO) You two must be in a lot
of pain.
[blowing air and chuckling] Wow,
would you look at that--you've
both fractured your lower jaws.
Same with your clavicles. Ribs
too! You've both earned some
nasty cerebral contusions...
My guess is you probably have
multiple skull fractures too. Am
I right?
With injuries like
that, I'm surprised you
can...
still muster up the
strength to shoot me that
angry look.
The drugs ran out at just the
right time. For me, that is.
Now then...
[grunt]
The First and Second have been
secured...
...along with 200 roach samples
obtained by the US-Japan Squad.
Not bad work!
[pained grunts]
Please just sit tight and behave
yourselves.
Though it's not like
you could move even if you
wanted to.
What happened to Captain
Komachi?
No idea.
Liar! Don't screw with us!
You're not getting any
information from me.
[frustrated grunt]
(BAO) Remember, I'm the one who
gets to ask the questions here.
You should know, this plan
wasn't easy.
We had no idea how many crew
members your squad still had on
board your vehicles.
We weren't sure if you two were
the only survivors. And ideally,
we wanted to capture you alive.
But we found out there were
others!
Like that panicky
low-ranking girl who scares
easily.
She responded from Vehicle 2.
And Rank 12 was with you as
well.
[frustrated grunts]
(BAO) Don't worry. We won't kill
them if we don't have to. After
all...
we're all part of the
same team, right?
Well, here's our next mystery of
the day...
Vehicle 1 in unmanned. So where
did the rest of Squads 1 and 2
go?
[sigh]
They're all dead.
The roaches... we've fought them
twice already, and lost everyone
before the Paraponera came.
[pained grunt]
Monster!
[pained groan]
You bastard...
Oh? Insectile half-breeds
experience pain too?! That's so
interesting.
You've got real guts.
[tense breath]
Time to come clean. Where are
the others?
[grunt]
(BAO) Specifically, where are
Rank 8 and Rank 9?
You're in command, Michelle.
What are our orders?
How can we get the upper hand?
(MICHELLE) When it comes to
Squad 4, we have two pathes to
victory before us.
One is direct
and the other is indirect.
Here's our plan...
(BAO) Where are the
noncombatants from Squads 1 and
2?
Sunset? My, my, where does the
time go?
[gasps]
Don't get any ideas about
trying to escape.
Good news: I've secured First
and Second. Requesting pickup,
General Liu.
Affirmative. I'm on my
way.
I'll start heading back with
Vehicle 1...
but I don't see any
other personnel from Squads 1
and 2.
Their whereabouts remain
unknown.
(MARCOS) It's almost night up
there.
They'll be sending out patrols
now.
Good. We'll crush those traitors
when they least expect it.
(MICHELLE) They've modified the
communications tower into a
jammer blocking transmissions.
We seize the tower
and transmit Squad 4's
betrayal.
That will spur all the factions
on Earth into action.
That is
how we will defeat Squad 4
indirectly.
[exhausted breaths]
You doing okay, Peggy?
[catching breath]
How much farther before we get
there, Jared?
Well, I know we're past the
mines. I'd say 500 meters to
Annex 1.
500 meeters, huh? Can I take a
little break?
Sure.
I'm sorry.
Don't appologize. You're just as
human as the rest of us.
You
just happen to have echidna
claws.
He's right! Plus, we've got to
stay underground for the rest of
the night.
Wait, why do that?
Hundreds of biomagnetic fields
just disappeared.
There's a chance it was poison
gas, a biological weapon, or
radiation.
But I know it wasn't
a nuclear explosion.
You sure? They'd really use
something like that?
M-hm. I sensed about 500
biomagnetic fields rushing the
annex...
they were probably
terraformars.
But then, once they arrived at
that very location they
completely disappeared.
They
died instantly.
But I didn't sense a
thing.
Your procedure base is killer
whale, which senses through
sonar.
Mine is hammerhead
shark...
I detect biomagnetic fields in
all living things.
The fact is... a sudden death of
that size means Squad 4 has a
weapon of mass destruction.
[gasps]
Then our plan won't work. We
can't get close to them!
We can. We will. We have to.
We're engineers! This is the
kind of challenge our minds were
made for.
We'll put our heads
together and solve this!
[chuckle] You sure talk big for
being only rank 90.
I'm serious.
You got a plan?
It's unlikely to be radiation.
So we wait until dawn.
We should wait?
(WOLF) The morning sunlight will
burn through any remaining
bacteria.
And the wind will blow away any
residual poison.
We need to stage a distraction.
If we can shift their focus --
for a minute or even thirty
seconds...
we should be able
to infultrate the Annex's
communications room.
Once we're in, we hack the
communications tower.
Gaining
control of the system shouldn't
be difficult.
Remember,
engineers like us set the
thing up.
And that's when we send the
message to Earth: Squad 4 has
betrayed all of us!
They were clever but they
underestimated us.
They didn't
realize we'd fight back with
every ounce of our strength.
Sorry about the jerky wise crack
back there Wolf.
I'm in!
Thank you. Actually, the
best I can do is help us figure
out how to solve problems.
We need your skills to fight the
Terraformars.
That said, I'll put my life on
the line if I need to.
Akari... Michelle. The two of
them are Squad 4's primary
targets, so they could've hid.
But they put themselves in
danger to protect us.
Alex and Yaeko, did too...
So now it's our turn to protect
them. our powers were never
meant for combat...
but that
can't keep us away from
the fight!
I'm with you!
We can't let them down.
Sheila.
[anguished grunt] Forgive me!
I was there, but I couldn't... I
tried...
Sheila...
[gasps]
[grunt]
[struggling to breath]
Why did we end up coming all
this way to Mars, Marcos?
In order to protect... Sheila--
Oh really? Then it seems to me
you're appologizing to the wrong
person.
I'm here for a different
reason.
For as long as we've been alive,
we've been nothing but pawns to
the world...
Waiting patiently
for it to toss us aside.
Well Marcos, I came here to
change all that!
That's why you're here too!
We're fighting for a better life
back home.
[crying]
We'll take our revenge.
(WOLF) There's one more
possibility for this weapon of
mass destruction.
[gasp]
...It isn't a "weapon" at all,
but a human with bacteria-type
power.
A person who emanates
infection. Their only purpose
is spreading death.
Of course that's where you come
in.
Got it.
Okay.
Stay safe, everyone. We're gonna
bust those Squad 4 traitors'
heads wide open...
and make it
back home to Earth!
[gasp]
[grunts]
Huh... Hmph!
Damn it! The Terraformars
spotted us and set a trap for
our vehicle...
I think that was a signal!
The two we fought earlier were
just delaying us.
I thought all personal weapons,
like this sword...
would have
been embedded with powerful
security-lock systems.
But it seems they've set it up
so that shipmates can use these
things too.
(SHOKICHI) Can't we go any
faster?
This craft is an older model.
At this rate, we'll never be
able to catch up with Michelle
and Akari.
Plus, it's almost nightfall.
Uh huh. And this one is gonna be
a different kind of night. Be
ready for combat.
This may be the Terraformars
biggest attack since our first
day here. Buckle up.
I have a
feeling those bugs are going
to surprise us.
I'm going to cut through them,
Hizamaru. And then I'm taking
you back alive.
This... is crazy! He's crazy!
There's no way he'll survive!
[grunt]
[grunts]
Strange... Why isn't
he mutating?! Doesn't he have
any combat powers?
His fighting skills are
incredible.
[grunting]
(AKARI) That's no ordinary
swordsmanship.
Hm?
[grunt]
(AKARI) But none of that
matters! There's too many of
them!
There are thousands of them!
He'll never make it!
This is looking futile.
[gasp]
Huh?!
Nothing a few decoys can't fix.
The Terraformars target enemies
according to a specific
heirarchy.
First they attack anyone with a
tool, or the tools themselves,
especially if they're good ones.
Second they attack anyone alone.
Third they attack anyone
injured. And fourth...
for some
reason they love to go
after women.
Oh no!
(ALEX) Yaeko!
Ahhh!
[grunts and groans]
No, Alex!
Yaeko!
[grunts and whimpers]
(BAO) We don't know why they go
after women. It's not for sexual
gratification. It's eerie...
but something definitely
attracts them.
Stop this! You bastard!
[groaning] A-Alex? Why'd you...
Why?!
Why haven't you mutated?!
[chuckle] Good question. I don't
know...
I mean. I know that if I can't
transform, I'm just in the way
on our mission. It's weird.
Maybe I wanted to impress you.
[gasp]
Because I knew that you were
watching me. Do you remember
back at the shrine...
You didn't come back. I was
getting worried about you.
Sorry.
The bugs aren't coming.
Good.
Hm?
[sigh]
I'm sorry about Sheila.
Thanks.
She was special to you, huh?
Yeah.
She made the unltimate
sacrifice.
Yeah.
But... She shouldn't have come
to Mars in the first place.
I wasn't there when she was
killed but even if I had been...
I probably couldn't have done
anything to save her.
And when I think about that it
makes some sort of sense to me.
I can accept it.
It seems like, for some reason,
I've lost the idea that life is
supposed to be fair.
I don't see any point in
complaining about the fact that
she died...
and no one's coming
to help us.
(YAEKO) That's because you're
the big brother.
Huh?
For Sheila, and also for Marcos.
Big brother..?
(YAEKO) You're the oldest.
You've taken on that role.
You've helped Marcos and the
rest of us survive on Mars.
But remember there are older,
wiser people who can help you.
(ALEX) Yeah. I guess you're
right. There's XO Michele,
Captain Komachi, Akari...
(YAEKO) And..?
Who else?
Hm!
[gasp]
You mean you?!
(YAEKO) When you got the news
that Sheila was dead...
...you represed what you were
feeling.
But it's okay to cry when you're
hurting, you know?
The XO said:
When humans are sad, we cry. If
we're angry we scream...
and then we tell a joke or two
to put laughter back in our
lives.
Remember, your big brother and
sister are here for you.
So, come in for a hug and a cry.
I'm only charging 5000 yen a
hug. Come to big sis...
and her
great big bossom!
Huh?
[gasp]
Was that too much?
Okay, how about 4000 yen?
Wait, I'm sorry I don't
understand what you're talking
about. Like...
who's my big
sister?
I am! Alex, you're 18 years old,
right?
Yeah... Wait you're older than
me?!
That's right! Can't you tell?
I'm twenty!
Oh...uh... [chuckle] Seriously?
[laughing] No way you're older
than me.
That's rude, y'know. You thought
I was younger than you?
M-hm. And less mature, too.
[gasp] You little brat!
I'm older, and more mature!
But... my M.A.R.S. Ranking is
lower than yours.
[chuckling]
[crying]
[gasp]
[sigh]
[crying]
That's right... Let it out.
I just kind of leapt out to
catch you without thinking.
I'm sorry, Yaeko. Don't worry
about me. Save yourself and run.
You've got your serum, right?
Uh-huh.
If you can mutate and get out of
here somehow...
It's gonna be okay, Alex.
It's okay.
There's someone here...
[whimpering]
...someone who can keep you
safe, for a change.
Yaeko, what do you mean?
You smell so wondeful right now.
You know that?
I smell good?
No, I smell terrible. I'm all
sweat and Martian dirt.
No, you're wrong.
To me, you smell like bright
sunshine on a beautiful day.
[gasp]
Artificial metamorphosis!
[grunts and growls]
What are you?
I'm the one who stinks.
I am M.A.R.S. Ranking 98...
Procedure base. striped skunk!
What's wrong? Too much for you?
Get any closer and I'll make it
even worse!
Come on, let's scram while the
stench has them distracted.
[grunts and groans]
Y-yeah.
You're amazing, Yaeko. Really.
Wow, really?
Yeah, amazingly smelly.
[grunt]
I mean honestly, did you piss
your pants or something?
How dare you I would never...
Well, maybe a little..? Wait,
no! This is how my power works!
It smells like a mix between
gross asparagus and rotten eggs
and a bunch of other aweful...
things.
I'm glad you're a bird with a
bad sense of smell.
But you stink.
Almost there. A little
farther... We have to move now,
while they're off guard.
We did it!
[pained grunts]
[pained groan]
Yaeko..!?
[pained whimper]
[pained whimpers] It hurts!
[screming]
Yaeko!?
It hurts, oh it hurts so bad!
Jooji!
[grunt] What the--? Huh?
[gasps]
[grunt] Is this water?
Where did they... get that
ability?
Joo... Joo... Joo...
Joo...
[grunts and groans]
[pained grunts]
[groaning] Alex!
[coughing up]
Alex!
[crying]
Joo.
(AKARI) Yaeko?! Alex?!
Damn it all! We need you...
Where on this god-forsaken
planet are you?
What's taking you so
long? Joe! Your M.A.R.S.
Ranking is...
[crying]
Please no! No, please! Nooo!
W-what? How did...? What?
Don't you worry.
Your passion and elegant love
called loud and clear!
What?
Apologies for the delay,
Michelle!
Everything's alright now. You
let Rank One take it from here!
(JOSEPH) Behold the pinnacle of
humanity.